Magistrate Earl has been replaced by a doppelganger and is what's causing many of the local
dissappearences.  It will attempt to lure them back to the goblin encampment under the ruse
that they are back.  It will ask them to split up and smoke them out of some caves.  When it has them divided
it will attack.

HP:  48

Doppelganger
Medium monstrosity (shapechanger), unaligned
Armor Class 14
Hit Points 52 (8d8+16)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
11 (+0)  DEX
18 (+4)  CON
14 (+2)  INT
11 (+0)  WIS
12 (+1)  CHA
14 (+2)
Skills Deception +6, Insight +3
Damage Immunities Charmed
Senses Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 11
Languages Common
Challenge 3 (700 XP)
Shapechanger. The doppelganger can use its action to polymorph into a Small or Medium humanoid it has seen, or back into its true form. Its statistics, other than its size, are the same in each form. Any equipment it is wearing or carrying isn't transformed. It reverts to its true form if it dies.
Ambusher. In the first round of a combat, the doppelganger has advantage on attack rolls against any creature it has surprised.
Surprise Attack. If the doppelganger surprises a creature and hits it with an attack during the first round of combat, the target takes an extra 10 (3d6) damage from the attack.
Actions
Multiattack. The doppelganger makes two melee attacks.
Slam. Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: (1d6 + 4) bludgeoning damage.
Read Thoughts. The doppelganger magically reads the surface thoughts of one creature within 60 ft. of it. The effect can penetrate barriers, but 3 ft. of wood or dirt, 2 ft. of stone, 2 inches of metal, or a thin sheet of lead blocks it. While the target is in range, the doppelganger can continue reading its thoughts, as long as the doppelganger's concentration isn't broken (as if concentrating on a spell). While reading the target's mind, the doppelganger has advantage on Wisdom (Insight) and Charisma (Deception, Intimidation, and Persuasion) checks against the target.

Stash: (Which is back in the magistrates quarters):

133 GP
85 SP
48 CP

Goggles of Night


