Shwampstein on the Map:
-  The other peice of the map may be in a cabin not farm from the eastern bank
   of the wet fox.

Baroness Pinefold
-  Spearhad of a certain movement
-  1st ring road
-  Mage Bodyguard
-  Quite Wealthy
-  Successfully Assasinated (As well as her Cleric Body Guard)

Black Moths (Theives Guild) in Kirabeth
-  Small but powerful guild that dabbles in assasination of powerful people
-  Politics
-  Magic Items


Thadeus:
-  He's a gnome dust dealer... crossed me.  
-  I made a deal with the theives guild and gave him half of Thadeus's gnome dust
-  I made them promise that Thadeus will lose 3 fingers.



Killed two hags:  Last hag made it to another ethereal plane.
-  The last bitch made off with my chain of planar binding.
-  WE NEED WARDS!!!!



Voodoo Master:  This doll is Esters work.  She's gone back to the Jessbock forest.
- Pamperly of the dark woods (powerful witch, evil woman).  (Hag)
  

Captain Dowdee:  Lemu has the eye, the captain has been paid to transport him. 
-  Lemu is staying at the Mangey Coon (woodelf).
-  .

Harlequin:  Well known pirate ship captained by Don Dirk of Dowdee.  Only need one man to crew the boat (purple tattoo).  
Ralph's eye is on a boat (The Harlequin)

Notes from Theives guild:
Baratone Humpback:  Paid to ship goods to Kirabeth (10000G)
Zorab of the 7 wonders:  Paid to cast arcane gate for someone in the theives guild.
Weekly income from pit fights

We killed the imposter diego.  We found a gem with a person imprisoned within.  The real Diego is trapped within.

- Tower in daderbox:  Gryphons up at the tower.  Sorcerer/mage in tower.  Sometimes he goes in by sea.  He might be out for a shift at night.


The Desert Queen is the wife of King Dralig.
(Queen Sobec)

- Not sure of the years. 
- Came from the southern Kingdom
- She was ruler of the tutkhan kingdom across the southern sea
- Both queen and king were powerful casters
- she got sick and died
- King shirked his duties and disappeared.
- Nesfaru Sobecs beating heart.

-  There's a Gryphon in the stable at the broken Egg!

WESTRA - INVISIBLE CHEST
-  Clockwork globe
--  Sphere with holes
-- Can't see inside of it or how it works.
--  Made of brass and magic


Smith's Gryphon (Now ours):  Bruhaha
-  Tobolden (Animal handled it)

Ralph speaking of cult:
-  Diego is looking for the heart (in a vampire)
-  Diego also wants Ralph's eye



Ralph Sending:

Diego is clever, but not that clever.  I wait at the sailing poet....  quickry.


SlimmyJimmy:  Member of Haligs theives guild.  Was sitting next to booey.  Jumped up started yelling, stabbing at nothing.  Then he stopped, accidentally stabbed self, walked out and hasn't been back.
--  Maybe ask Halig.
--  Halig is at the restaurant


Halig:  Says Booey is hiding out.  Thinks it might be an invisible stalker.  Says Booey is hanging out with Zorab of the 7 wonders.

Booey:  Wants us to get a dagger from Zeneka (in Ashton)


